tell me his name again channels
we're gonna need some help let's go
on April 27
of ventures
once
and for all
I'm Peter dr. strange Oh using their
made-up names um I'm spider-man then
sadness it could destroy life on her
we're gonna need some help on April 27th
together our only hope Avengers join us
once and for all join us mightiest
heroes not today sir
are you making your voice deeper you
know entertaining the guys is my voice
so cool you're strong but I could snap
my fingers
and you're or cease to exist
with Torian time to see all the possible
outcomes
did we win any
it's a small price to pay
to salvation
I'm Peter by the way dr. strange Oh
using your made-up names then I am
spider-man
let's talk about this plan here's I
think it's good except it sucks so let
me do the plan and that way it might be
really good
Wow
[Music]